Initial PLN objectives and quiz changes (#285)
protocol/launchpad: content/en/curriculum/pln/pln-resources.md

---
title: "Quiz & Resources"
description: "Explore beyond the curriculum"
draft: false
menu:
    curriculum:
        parent: "curriculum-pln"
        identifier: "pln-resources"
weight: 62
category: lecture
level:
- shallow
- deep
---
## PLN Quiz

> Take the [**PLN Quiz**](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfin7rDiiBqV9ybs1gV-n4hEv4bXmhanmf13Czd_zvDEHIsLw/viewform?usp=sf_link) after covering the pre-requisite content to gauge your understanding.

Reviewer: I dont like the word pre-requisite here It makes it seem like they need to go through the "prerequisite" section of the curriculum as opposed to the stuff in this module. I would change it to be something like 
```suggestion
Take the [**PLN Quiz**](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfin7rDiiBqV9ybs1gV-n4hEv4bXmhanmf13Czd_zvDEHIsLw/viewform?usp=sf_link) after covering the PLN module to gauge your understanding.
```
